{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 notes\
\
\'97in the intro, Chervin is right that we should update the discussion of Enceladus and cite the papers mentioned. I think it is fair to say that DR2 affirmatively confirmed its existence based on hints in prior data sets (just as the 2-D \'93phase-space spiral\'94 was not observed before DR2 even though there were the hints that Chervin mentions in 1D\'85those papers are now cited in part of my additions to the intro of section 3.)\
\
\'97end of intro - update summary of the sections if we decide we like the new rearrangement\
\
\'97in the discussion of phase-dependence (in 2.1) there is a paper by Buist & Helmi that we should cite that points this out in a slightly different context (time-dependent potentials). Not sure of the year, something like 2013\'962015.\
\
\'97 I took out the \'93immortal\'94 language - it is a bit distracting and I don\'92t think it\'92s necessary, people are used to thought experiments. It\'92s easy to cooperate with Chervin on this one.\
\
\'97 discussion of fig. 5 - which orbit is the base one for this expt? the thin-disk-like one? mention rather than leaving to reader to figure out\
\
\'97 moved coordinate system stuff to discussion section. subsections on tilt of midplane and LSR need a comment on the expected systematic error in the actions. I put in some estimates but they should be checked.\
\
\'97 did not add discussion of new dust paper, but should be added to 4.1\
\
\'97added results of midplane variation in Sgr sims to conclusions. check numbers.\
\
\'97on the simulation/Sgr stuff - hoping that additions to the start of section \
\
\'97 Table 2 - where did you get the values for the softening lengths? I have 4pc as the fixed stellar softening length. The median Plummer-equivalent softening length in cold gas across the three sims is ~30pc with a minimum of 1pc.\
\
\
}